The C++ Middleware Writer (CMW) and the software found in
this repository provide support for messaging and serialization.

License
The software is under the BSD 2-clause license.  One of the
files, quicklz.h, is from another developer and should only
be used in conjunction with the CMW.

Building
There are two makefiles here: one for Gcc/Clang and one for
Visual Studio.  The Gcc version is called "makefile" and the
Visual Studio version is "makefile.vs".  If you're using a
Microsoft compiler, you may want to rename makefile.vs to
makefile.  If you're using a big-endian machine, add
-DCMW_ENDIAN_BIG to the CXXFLAGS in the makefile.

Two programs are built.  The programs are the middle and front
tiers of the C++ Middleware Writer (CMW).  The middle tier is
called the cmwA, which is short for CMW Ambassador.  The front 
tier is called "genz" and is a command line interface.  On 
Windows, only the front tier is built.  The middle tier is 
still needed for Windows users so it needs to be running on a
BSD/Linux box or VM.


Accounts
An account is needed to use the CMW.  Before running the
programs, you have to get an account and modify your
cmwA.cfg file to include your account number(s) and 
password(s).  To get an account send an email to 
support@webEbenezer.net and include a password between 10 
and 50 characters long for your account.  We'll reply by 
giving you an account number. 


Running the cmwA (after installing):

cmwA cmwA.cfg

After starting the cmwA, run genz like this:

genz 14 /home/brian/onwards/example/example.mdl

or on Windows:

genz.exe 14 /Users/brian/onwards/example/example.mdl

14 is an account number.  Substitute your account number there.

The path for a Middle file (.mdl) is next.  Zero or more header
files are listed in a Middle file to specify a request.  There's
more info on Middle files here --
http://webEbenezer.net/middle.html.

Once you have built the software, I suggest copying example.mdl
to one of your directories and modifying the copy according to
your needs.


Troubleshooting
The middle tier has to be running for the front tier to work.
If genz fails with "No reply received.  Is the cmwA running?"
make sure the middle tier is running.

Another possible problem could be due to "breaking changes"
between the back and middle tiers.  (We may have changed the
protocol between these tiers and now older versions of the
middle tier no longer work right.)  The thing to do in this
case is to check our website for an announcement/email that
you may have missed.  Probably you will have to clone/download
the new version of the repository and then reinstall in order
to fix the problem.

If you move/rename header files listed in your .mdl files,
you should also touch those files so the changes will be
"noticed" by the cmwA.


Thank you for using the software.
